Mandatory Auto Registration Token (#1280)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/03-edge/04-edgeforge-workflow/04-build-images.md

- Linux Machine (Physical or VM) with an AMD64 architecture.

- 8 CPU

- 16 GB Memory

> - 150 GB Storage <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 150 GB Storage 

```

>   If you experience disk space constraints on the machine where installer images are built, you can remove unnecessary Docker images and volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience disk space constraints on the machine where images are built, you can remove unnecessary Docker images and volumes. Or start the process on a machine with more storage allocated.
```
